Phones,
Mary. Go round at the beach.
We walk up to the cliff house,
sea lions and tourists.
The old washed out road that goes on
play chess and mechanics.
Dress up and go looking for work
to seek out the wood on trees in the park. Arbana
suck in the sea air and hold it.
Miles of white walls. Sunset shoots back from somebody's window high in the feed.
Get drunk all the time.
Go someplace and score,
walk, walk in and walk out of the ass.
Hike up. Tamil pies.
Keep quitting and starting at Berkeley
was the pike in the Steinhart Aquarium.
He doesn't move,
sleeping with a stranger
taking supers after sitting
practicing your frailing on the guitar.
You get dropped off in the fog at night.
Fall in love 20 times. Get divorced.
Keep moving.
Move out to the sunset.
It lost
or
get found
also. Does anyone want to jump in?
Mhm.
I mean,
I'm
not gonna
nothing water
anybody.
Uh, the
back there.
Oh.
Did you join us for the Senate?
I
do.
Ok.
I will never see
you
crazy.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Then
that one basically.
Oh, are you contributing with the president?
Are you?
What is your name, by the way?
Me too. Me
too.
What
you
me
you thanks for coming.
No
lights were
Republican
a
great
face
and
face.
Mhm.
Ok.